June 9 2020 Meeting (#41)
discreetlogcontracts/dlcspecs: meeting/meeting_june_9_2020.md

# June 9th (7 PM CST)/10th (9 AM JST) Meeting 2020

## Adaptor Signatures

* We don't need the NIZK proof of knowledge of the scalar behind the adaptor point from the [generalized channel paper](https://eprint.iacr.org/2020/476.pdf), especially for DLCs

>   * The purpose of this proof is to maintain zero knowledge by ensuring that this scalar is already known and hence not learned.
>   * For DLCs, we assume knowledge of the adaptor secret (which is an oracle signature) will be made public and hence known/knowable to both parties

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The purpose of this proof is to make sure the adaptor point is well formed and not maliciously crafted. Since all our adaptor points come from an anticipated signature from the oracle's static key, we assume they are always well formed.
```

> * @nkohen will speak with @nickler about getting a maintainable branch of [secp256k1](https://github.com/bitcoin-core/secp256k1) with ECDSA Adaptor Signatures and Schnorr

Reviewer 2: > @nickler

@n1ckler

  * Should just be a matter of cherry-picking signature point computation and ECDSA Adaptor Signatures on top of the most recent Schnorr branch
* Refund might still be necessary for palliating to software issues
  * The same use case as for non-adaptor DLCs
  * Need to ensure over-the-top locktimes on refund txs to avoid race cases

## Invoices and Offers

* We will be re-using [BOLT 11](https://github.com/lightningnetwork/lightning-rfc/blob/master/11-payment-encoding.md) for specifying metadata that was previously in the offer message like contract and oracle information

> * We will still be requiring an offer message however to commit to public keys and funding inputs

Reviewer 2: Didn't we decide to not have the pub keys and funding inputs

Reviewer 3: IIRC the point was not to have them in the invoice but we need to put them somewhere in the protocol, which is why we need to keep some sort of an offer message.

## Networking

* We will be re-using [BOLT 8](https://github.com/lightningnetwork/lightning-rfc/blob/master/08-transport.md) for encrypted and authenticated communication between peers
* Messages will be encoded using [TLV binary format](https://github.com/lightningnetwork/lightning-rfc/blob/master/01-messaging.md#type-length-value-format)
* We will not, however, be specifying anything further about networking in v0.1 and will be assuming A a direct communication channel between parties involved

## Oracles

> 

Reviewer 2: We also discussed using the PAID standard + sharing notes on implementations
